sim.maxNodes = 20
sim.maxTransactions = 800
sim.randomSeed = 12345
sim.reportingWindow = 100000
sim.numofSim = 30
sim.reporting.window = 100000
net.numOfNodes = 15
node.createMaliciousNode = false
node.maliciousHashPower = 9000f
net.useFileBasedNetwork = false
net.throughputMean = 4000f
net.throughputSD = 2000f
node.electricPowerMean = 1375f
node.electricPowerSD = 20f
node.electricCostMean = 0.1f
node.electricCostSD = 0.05f
pow.difficulty = 86.72e15
pow.hashPowerMean = 111
pow.hashPowerSD = 5
tangle.alpha = 0.01f
tangle.numOfFounders = 10
tangle.numOfParticles = 4
tangle.startingCutset = 1000
tangle.wMaxPercentile = 0.75f
tangle.wMinPercentile = 0.5f
tangle.randomSeed = 123
# bitcoin.maxBlockSize = 1000000 # Bitcoin
bitcoin.maxBlockSize = 3000
bitcoin.minSizeToMine = 1000
bitcoin.minValueToMine = 100
sampler.useFileBasedSampler = true
workload.lambda = 7f
#workload.numTransactions = 25200
workload.numTransactions = 300
workload.txSizeMean = 559.87f
workload.txSizeSD = 93.21f
workload.txFeeValueMean = 50f
workload.txFeeValueSD = 12f
transaction.source = random